Lucashh/aoai backends (#63)
Azure-Samples/apim-genai-gateway-toolkit: README.md

| [Adaptive rate limiting](./capabilities/rate-limiting/README.md) | Dynamically adjust rate-limits applied to different workloads|
| [Tracking token usage](./capabilities/usage-tracking//README.md) | Record the token consumption for usage tracking and attribution|

## Gateway Backend Options

The toolkit is designed to deploy the API Management gateway alongside the OpenAI API Simulator, but can be used with Azure Open AI instances as well. 

To use the simulator, set the `USE_SIMULATOR` option in your `.env` file to `true`.

> To use AOAI backends instead, set the `USE_SIMULATOR` option in your `.env` file to `false`, and add the base URLs and API Keys for AOAI (`PTU_DEPLOYMENT_1_BASE_URL`, `PTU_DEPLOYMENT_1_API_KEY`, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Azure OpenAI backends instead, set the `USE_SIMULATOR` option in your `.env` file to `false`, and add the base URLs and API Keys for each backend (`PTU_DEPLOYMENT_1_BASE_URL`, `PTU_DEPLOYMENT_1_API_KEY`, etc.).
```
